Updates exportEvent apps (#6307)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/cdp/bigquery-export.md

    - bigquery-export
---

> > This app is currently unavailable while we do [some maintenance](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/issues/15997). It will be back again soon!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This app is currently unavailable while we develop [a new export system](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/issues/15997). It will be back again soon!
```
I think we are building something new rather than doing maintenance.
